CMake fetch standard (#39)
BabylonJS/JsRuntimeHost: CMakeLists.txt

# Dependencies

if(NOT TARGET arcana)
    set(CONTENT_TO_FETCH ${CONTENT_TO_FETCH} arcana)
endif()

if(NOT TARGET UrlLib AND JSRUNTIMEHOST_POLYFILL_XMLHTTPREQUEST)
    set(CONTENT_TO_FETCH ${CONTENT_TO_FETCH} UrlLib)
endif()

if(NAPI_JAVASCRIPT_ENGINE STREQUAL "V8" AND JSRUNTIMEHOST_CORE_APPRUNTIME_V8_INSPECTOR)
    if(NOT TARGET asio)
        set(CONTENT_TO_FETCH ${CONTENT_TO_FETCH} asio)
    endif()

    if(NOT TARGET llhttp_static)
        set(BUILD_SHARED_LIBS OFF CACHE INTERNAL "")
        set(BUILD_STATIC_LIBS ON CACHE INTERNAL "")
        set(CONTENT_TO_FETCH ${CONTENT_TO_FETCH} llhttp)
    endif()
endif()

# Fetching content

> message(STATUS "Fetching for ${CMAKE_PROJECT_NAME} : ${CONTENT_TO_FETCH}")
> FetchContent_MakeAvailable(${CONTENT_TO_FETCH})
> message(STATUS "${CMAKE_PROJECT_NAME} content fetched.")

Reviewer: See https://stackoverflow.com/questions/38938315/difference-between-cmake-project-name-and-project-name. I would also suggest we format it differently.

```suggestion
message(STATUS "Fetching dependencies for ${PROJECT_NAME} (${CONTENT_TO_FETCH})")
FetchContent_MakeAvailable(${CONTENT_TO_FETCH})
message(STATUS "Fetching dependencies for ${PROJECT_NAME} - done")
```
